Project Concept: Searchable podcast database

This project would be a database that provides information about podcasts in an easily searchable database. Currently the only way to search podcasts is in listening applications, and generally you can only search by name or browse a genre. This application would use an api to build a database about podcasts from information available on a listening application like iTunes or Spotify. There would then be a place in the database for additional information, such as a flag for whether it has transcripts, and what podcast network it is a part of, if any.
This database would have a search function that can take input for all fields that we have created to store information, and then have options for how to sort the results. There would also be a way for users to submit information about podcasts. Since collecting and inputting data about all podcasts that exist would be an enormous task, the database would start with the information provided by the api. The administrators could input more details, but there would also be a user submission form. When information is submitted, it would be reviewed by an administrator for validation and then it could be rejected or added to the database.
Information that could be collected and tracked is the people who made a podcast. The database could receive data about the actors, writers, sound designers, etc. who were involved in a podcast and provide the ability to search for podcasts with those people in them. Once the database is able to store enough information, there could be a recommendation service. We could create a way for the user to ask for podcasts that are like a podcast, and it would compare criteria to provide a suggestion. This algorithm could then receive feedback, and use that to refine the method of giving suggestions.
